>> Scott Moss: Okay, so
what I have is basically this.
So I'm using supertest which
given an express application
will setup a request function or object
for you that allows you to actually,
run the express requests and
get back the result.
So it's basically allowing you to execute
the controllers on your Express app
without actually starting
an Express server, right?
Because Express,
like I said, it's two parts.
There's a routing middleware and
controller side, and
then there's the server side.
You don't need to start a server
to tie into the other side, and
that's what supertest is doing.
So we're actually starting a server here.
We're just tieing into the event
like nature of express.
Which basically says if you hit
this route, fire this event.
Which runs this middle and
this controller, that's what we're doing.
So if I go to one of my APIs
which is slash todos' I know I'm
getting back two things
on the data property.
So if I go to the spec, you could see
the that's exactly what I'm doing.
I expect to get 200, I expect that data
property have two, so if I run this.
>> Scott Moss: We should get back,
>> Scott Moss: okay, and we do.
Did anybody write their test differently?
Not so much as the assertion for
just like,
how they set the test up that they use
something else other than supertest.
I'm just interested on how you've
done that and what you did.
>> Scott Moss: Everybody used supertest?
Do you able to use it?
Yeah, sometimes it's [COUGH] pretty easy.
It's created by the same
person that made Express, so
I would imagine it would work
very well with it, cool.
And I mean, that's basically for testing.
There's really not much more to it.
But actually, it all depends
on how you write your lambda.
In this case, we wrote a lambda using
Express, so supertest was A-okay.
But if we decided to write,
you know, just Vanilla JavaScript,
then it would be up to you
to extract out your code.
Kind of like how I was
showing you earlier.
So you can easily test it in here.
But when you run your test, the only
thing you would have to be aware of is,
if there's specific AWS things
that you would need in your test.
But that's true with any server,
so you would just mark that up.
So there shouldn't be any difference here.
At the end of the day you're just testing
your function that has three inputs.
And then as far as the event goes,
you can go to AWS and
grab the event that you need to test.
And you can pass that
into your test as well.
Or if you're calling lambda from
another lambda and have a custom event,
you can test that as well because
you're the one calling it.
So there's really is no reason
why you can't test your lambdas'.
It's no different than
testing anything else.
Any questions on testing with lambdas' and
how that works?